>> Steve Kinney: And
then one more on that theme, and
we'll scroll through here in a second.
That is super cool, and
this one is from Microsoft,
it is called AI Toolkit,
which is really useful for
developing stuff on top of models, right?
Let's take a tour of AI toolkit
because it is very cool, and
here's some other git lens stuff that
happened after I installed that one.
But let's take a look at this right now.
So if I look on the side,
>> Steve Kinney: You can see you can have
access to a bunch of different models that
are either hosted, like these are not ones
you necessarily have to even download,
they are hosted by various providers.
You can see that some of them are hosted
by GitHub, some of the hosts are OpenAI,
some of the hosts are Anthropic,
so on and so forth, right?
I added in Claude 3.7 and
OpenAI GPT 4.0.
For these, you need to have an API
key that's about it, the GitHub ones,
you don't always need an API key.
It just depends on which service you use,
it will tell you and prompt you for
one of them if you're
supposed to have one.
And you can even fine tune models,
not that I have the GPU for
that on this computer.
But where I think it becomes really
powerful is there is stuff like in
the playground,
you can compare two models, right?
So all of these different models,
especially the new ones that come out,
have different things that they
are good at or not good at.
So in this case,
I've got Claude on the left side, and
I've got GPT-4.0 on the right side.
And we can do is if you are trying to
develop a workflow on top of one of these
models, you can go like, and you can
see that I was typing in both of them.
How many moons does Saturn have?
And it will run it through both of them,
and you can kind of see which, depending
on what you're trying to do, what has
the better output for you in this case.
So you can kinda see the output across
two different models and compare them.
So if you are trying to figure out,
because a lot of times, obviously,
I grabbed two fairly large
general-purpose models.
But if you wanted to compare, hey, a very
small lightweight open-source model,
is that good enough for
the task I'm trying to do?
Right, you can at least compare
versus opening up 9,000 tabs and
pasting the same thing in.
You can kind of experiment with
different prompts to see what works.
And a whole bunch of other stuff
that you can do in this case,
you can give it instructions.
There's the ability, one of the really
powerful things with a lot of these models
is the typical use case for a lot of
people is just the chatbot, right?
But for almost all of them, these days,
you can also give them a JSON schema and
say, okay,
respond in this JSON format, right?
And make sure it's valid to this schema.
So then you can work with it
programmatically, which is really powerful
for taking unstructured data that
you would normally set to sit and
write a parser for, and
getting it back as structured JSON, right?
And you can kind of do a lot of that, not
necessarily, when we think about Copilot
or even the ChatGPt plugin, we think
about the AIs are writing code for us.
This is kind of more the opposite,
which is if you are building some kind of
workflow, some kind of feature
on top of one of these things,
you can now compare and
contrast the different models.
There's a bunch of other really
powerful features in here too.
So you've got this prompt builder where
you can kind of, run it in this way, but
you could also, again, change it to the
JSON schema that you would like to build.
If you have a local JSON schema,
you can just load it right on up.
Things that you can only do with the API
normally that you can't do in either like
the cloud UI or the ChatGPT UI where it's,
okay, I need the responses, not to be
just some pros and your thoughts and
hot takes, I want them in the structure
JSON, so on and so forth.
You can just find a JSON schema file.
That JSON schema is just a JSON file that
defines a Typescript type basically.
And load that all in, in this case,
use an example, and
where you wanna save it.
So in this case, I can run it, and
I will save it out to a JSON file.
And you can see in this case, instead
of getting some pros, I get the steps.
And now I could theoretically
in TypeScript or JavaScript,
or honestly any language, because it's
JSON, work with this data structure
instead of just a wad of when it
gets creative and thinks it's funny.
And set the system prompts,
so on and so forth.
The other really useful thing is
if you have a CSV full of data,
maybe a bunch of values, and you wanna
just create 100 prompts with all of that,
or that's gonna be expensive,
either on time or money.
And send out a batch one where it
substitutes the values across like that
where you're not doing the same
prompt ten times, right?
You can either, in this case,
generate a data set or select a CSV or
something along those lines,
generate a whole bunch of prompts, again,
text or JSON schema, so on and so forth.
Set a whole bunch of parameters that
are not available outside of the API.
And again, begin to develop
software on top of these things.
And the important part is I
kind of alluded to earlier,
this is just an extension,
but you look at this,
this is a full on almost app
inside of VS Code, right?
So when we think about,
when we look at extensions later,
there's everything from highlighting
the word to do in red all
the way to building a full-on app
experience inside of VS Code.
Again, there's you can create all sorts
of evaluations of different models and
test them and basically benchmark them.
If you are building software
on top of these models,
there is a lot of features and
tools in here.
I have personally not tried to fine
tune a model using this cuzI don't,
this little guy can handle that.
But theoretically,
if you had a more powerful machine,
you could probably do that as well.
You can grab open-source models,
a bunch of really interesting stuff on
top of all of this, which is super cool.
But I point this out for two reasons,
one, it's cool, it's free, yay.
The other part is, I also picked it to
kind of show the extremes to how far you
could take building a VS Code extension,
right?
You could theoretically build an entire
app inside of VS Code, right?
Everything from a SQL, a visual SQL IDE or
something along those lines,
see all your SQLite tables for
your app, whatever you happen to do.
If there's tooling that you need, right?
You could theoretically kind of take the
foundation that's already here for you and
integrate it in all sorts of
interesting ways, so on and so forth.
You can see in this case, it will even
generate the Python code for me, right?
I don't think at this moment that it
will generate the JavaScript code for
me, but that's fine.
Yeah, so there's a wide range.